0, 0, Direction: Right
1, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
2, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
3, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
4, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
5, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
6, 0, Direction: Down
6, 1, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 2, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 3, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 4, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 5, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 6, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 7, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 8, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 9, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 10, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 11, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 12, Direction: Right
7, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
9, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
10, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
11, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
13, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
15, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
17, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
21, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
22, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
23, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 12, Direction: Down
empty space
25, 12, Direction: Down
25, 13, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 14, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 15, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 16, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 17, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 18, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 19, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 21, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 49, Direction: Right
26, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
28, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
29, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
30, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
32, 49, Direction: Down
33, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
35, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
38, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 49, Direction: Down
40, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
43, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
48, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 49, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 49, Direction: Down
50, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 58, Direction: Right
50, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 60, Direction: Right
49, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
48, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
47, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
46, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
43, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 60, Direction: Up
42, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 62, Direction: Right
43, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 62, Direction: Down
45, 62, Direction: Left
45, 63, Direction: Right
45, 63, Direction: Up
45, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
43, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 63, Direction: Up
45, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
49, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 63, Direction: Down
39, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
38, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
30, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 63, Direction: Up
45, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 58, Direction: Left
45, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 47, Direction: Left
28, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 58, Direction: Up
45, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 32, Direction: Left
51, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 32, Direction: Up
27, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 32, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 32, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
47, 32, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
43, 32, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
48, 32, Direction: Down
51, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 32, Direction: Up
27, 68, Direction: Right
49, 32, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
28, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 32, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
29, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 32, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 32, Direction: Down
51, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 31, Direction: Left
42, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
32, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 31, Direction: Up
42, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
33, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 35, Direction: Right
50, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 35, Direction: Up
42, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
53, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 29, Direction: Left
51, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 40, Direction: Right
35, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
49, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
38, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
39, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
58, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
40, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
41, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
60, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 21, Direction: Left
43, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
43, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 68, Direction: Down
63, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 19, Direction: Left
41, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 35, Direction: Down
50, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 35, Direction: Up
42, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 35, Direction: Left
40, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 38, Direction: Right
42, 54, Direction: Right
44, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 32, Direction: Left
40, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 32, Direction: Up
41, 32, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 40, Direction: Right
42, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 40, Direction: Up
39, 32, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 32, Direction: Down
41, 40, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
39, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
38, 32, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 40, Direction: Down
42, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 40, Direction: Left
38, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 32, Direction: Up
42, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 41, Direction: Right
already been
42, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 78, Direction: Right
64, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 60, Direction: Right
already been
45, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 34, Direction: Right
42, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 34, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 34, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 34, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
49, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 21, Direction: Left
50, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 34, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
63, 21, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 34, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 21, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 32, Direction: Left
already been
30, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 34, Direction: Up
42, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 78, Direction: Down
61, 21, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
53, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
60, 21, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
28, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 21, Direction: Up
50, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
59, 21, Direction: Left
27, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 19, Direction: Left
55, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 19, Direction: Up
59, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
43, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
41, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 24, Direction: Right
40, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 19, Direction: Down
58, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
39, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
38, 19, Direction: Up
59, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 21, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 78, Direction: Down
59, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 23, Direction: Right
60, 76, Direction: Left
59, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 76, Direction: Up
35, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 23, Direction: Left
45, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 76, Direction: Up
34, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
18, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 22, Direction: Left
45, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 76, Direction: Left
59, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
33, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
17, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
32, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
16, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
15, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 80, Direction: Right
30, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
13, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 22, Direction: Up
45, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 23, Direction: Right
45, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 23, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 32, Direction: Right
69, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 32, Direction: Up
already been
59, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
10, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 23, Direction: Down
46, 32, Direction: Down
already been
70, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
25, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
53, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
22, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 0, Direction: Left
6, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 27, Direction: Right
74, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 0, Direction: Up
59, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
5, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 0, Direction: Up
59, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
49, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
4, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 29, Direction: Right
76, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
58, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
59, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
19, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
3, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
77, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 61, Direction: Left
47, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 19, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
2, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 80, Direction: Up
17, 19, Direction: Up
64, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
1, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
17, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
0, 40, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 61, Direction: Down
46, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
17, 21, Direction: Right
66, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
-1, 40, Direction: Up
deleted
33, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
17, 22, Direction: Right
67, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
17, 22, Direction: Up
62, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
68, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
35, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
83, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
16, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 85, Direction: Right
19, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
69, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
15, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
20, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 76, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
21, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
38, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 76, Direction: Down
59, 55, Direction: Right
13, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 88, Direction: Right
22, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
72, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 55, Direction: Up
empty space
46, 88, Direction: Up
12, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
47, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
23, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
73, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 55, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
48, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
74, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 55, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
10, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
49, 88, Direction: Down
25, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
75, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
55, 55, Direction: Up
empty space
49, 88, Direction: Left
43, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
9, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
49, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 22, Direction: Down
76, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
43, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 55, Direction: Up
49, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
8, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
49, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
77, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
49, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 73, Direction: Right
49, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 73, Direction: Up
49, 85, Direction: Left
40, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
6, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
49, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
39, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 22, Direction: Up
64, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
80, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
60, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
49, 83, Direction: Left
38, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
48, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
48, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 73, Direction: Down
49, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
47, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
83, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 29, Direction: Down
86, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 29, Direction: Left
already been
57, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
46, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 14, Direction: Left
84, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 14, Direction: Up
56, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 73, Direction: Down
49, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 31, Direction: Right
86, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 46, Direction: Left
25, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
55, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
28, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 31, Direction: Down
86, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
55, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 73, Direction: Up
43, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
29, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
23, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 88, Direction: Up
5, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
22, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 0, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 94, Direction: Right
58, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
21, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
32, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 0, Direction: Down
51, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
39, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
33, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 0, Direction: Down
51, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 68, Direction: Left
38, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 1, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
55, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 83, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
35, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 2, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 46, Direction: Down
17, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 68, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 83, Direction: Up
25, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 3, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
16, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 68, Direction: Down
36, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 108, Direction: Right
37, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 4, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 68, Direction: Left
15, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
48, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
38, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 5, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 101, Direction: Right
62, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 80, Direction: Left
22, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 39, Direction: Right
81, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
39, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 6, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
87, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 50, Direction: Right
5, 39, Direction: Up
57, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
13, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
21, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
6, 39, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 73, Direction: Down
46, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
40, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 7, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
88, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
63, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
4, 39, Direction: Up
57, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
38, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 39, Direction: Down
empty space
83, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
41, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 8, Direction: Right
51, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
4, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
39, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 88, Direction: Up
8, 39, Direction: Down
84, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
4, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
10, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
40, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
43, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
43, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 50, Direction: Down
66, 50, Direction: Left
4, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 14, Direction: Up
57, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
41, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 73, Direction: Down
42, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 8, Direction: Up
51, 47, Direction: Right
92, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 73, Direction: Left
9, 14, Direction: Left
66, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 15, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 80, Direction: Down
19, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
41, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 9, Direction: Right
51, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
93, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 80, Direction: Left
86, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 16, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
40, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
46, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 9, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
94, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 17, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 83, Direction: Left
8, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 76, Direction: Right
already been
39, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
47, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 9, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 78, Direction: Left
86, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 18, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
38, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
48, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 9, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 55, Direction: Right
66, 55, Direction: Up
41, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 19, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
49, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 9, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 55, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 55, Direction: Up
empty space
40, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
83, 9, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
68, 55, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 55, Direction: Up
39, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 21, Direction: Right
57, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 86, Direction: Right
19, 79, Direction: Left
8, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 9, Direction: Up
51, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
69, 55, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 9, Direction: Left
42, 86, Direction: Up
64, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
38, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
10, 21, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
43, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
8, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 10, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 55, Direction: Down
82, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
64, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 78, Direction: Up
86, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 41, Direction: Left
4, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 21, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
17, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
8, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
53, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 11, Direction: Right
51, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
101, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 55, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
64, 58, Direction: Right
37, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 41, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 21, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
8, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 108, Direction: Up
54, 14, Direction: Down
83, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
72, 55, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 14, Direction: Left
32, 108, Direction: Left
82, 6, Direction: Left
39, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
64, 41, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
13, 21, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
15, 79, Direction: Up
8, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 15, Direction: Right
84, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
103, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
73, 55, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 107, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
38, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 41, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 21, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
47, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
8, 25, Direction: Left
32, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
55, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
104, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
74, 55, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 106, Direction: Left
80, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 41, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
15, 21, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
48, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
13, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
8, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
105, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
75, 55, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 106, Direction: Down
79, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 41, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
16, 21, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
49, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 79, Direction: Up
8, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
106, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 55, Direction: Down
12, 79, Direction: Left
54, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
60, 41, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
17, 21, Direction: Down
57, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 80, Direction: Right
8, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
107, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 80, Direction: Up
17, 21, Direction: Left
12, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 58, Direction: Up
37, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
9, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
59, 41, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
17, 22, Direction: Right
57, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
51, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
13, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 63, Direction: Right
108, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
17, 22, Direction: Up
already been
11, 80, Direction: Up
17, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 41, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 59, Direction: Right
57, 45, Direction: Left
18, 22, Direction: Down
already been
57, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
60, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
109, 101, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 45, Direction: Up
11, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
17, 19, Direction: Left
12, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
75, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 41, Direction: Up
4, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
53, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
15, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
110, 101, Direction: Down
deleted
76, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
18, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
74, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
4, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 94, Direction: Right
54, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
48, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 94, Direction: Up
55, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
73, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
4, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
58, 94, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 86, Direction: Down
17, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
93, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
4, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 94, Direction: Down
55, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
18, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
64, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 48, Direction: Left
55, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
53, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 72, Direction: Left
54, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 45, Direction: Right
4, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 63, Direction: Up
already been
75, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 45, Direction: Up
already been
54, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
13, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 2, Direction: Left
70, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 51, Direction: Left
37, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 51, Direction: Left
58, 45, Direction: Down
already been
4, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 15, Direction: Down
empty space
96, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
74, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 51, Direction: Up
53, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
69, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
87, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
4, 66, Direction: Right
64, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 91, Direction: Left
55, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 80, Direction: Down
8, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 15, Direction: Down
97, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
73, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 80, Direction: Left
85, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
15, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
25, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 51, Direction: Down
37, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
88, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
3, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
60, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 81, Direction: Right
8, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 16, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
72, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 51, Direction: Left
21, 79, Direction: Left
84, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
49, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
54, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
67, 6, Direction: Up
24, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
2, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 81, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 17, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 79, Direction: Up
60, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
83, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
48, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
17, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 5, Direction: Left
23, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
1, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 81, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 18, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
49, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
47, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 69, Direction: Left
27, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
0, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
63, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 81, Direction: Down
8, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 19, Direction: Right
empty space
101, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
69, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
19, 79, Direction: Up
already been
60, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
48, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
46, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 68, Direction: Left
28, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
-1, 66, Direction: Up
deleted
69, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 91, Direction: Down
55, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
68, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
47, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
10, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 86, Direction: Up
60, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
93, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 45, Direction: Down
65, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 21, Direction: Right
empty space
103, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 86, Direction: Left
60, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
46, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
9, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
21, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
94, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 91, Direction: Down
55, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
104, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 91, Direction: Left
20, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
60, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 79, Direction: Down
78, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 94, Direction: Up
43, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
8, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
22, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 92, Direction: Right
55, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 5, Direction: Left
67, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
105, 11, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
60, 44, Direction: Left
28, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
77, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 95, Direction: Right
42, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
23, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
67, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
20, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
55, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 24, Direction: Right
106, 11, Direction: Down
64, 48, Direction: Up
empty space
106, 11, Direction: Left
67, 24, Direction: Up
66, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 44, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
41, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
6, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
55, 72, Direction: Left
24, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 24, Direction: Down
106, 12, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 48, Direction: Up
63, 48, Direction: Left
106, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 24, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 44, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
75, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
43, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
40, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
25, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 13, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 47, Direction: Left
106, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 24, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 44, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
74, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
39, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 14, Direction: Right
63, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
64, 24, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 44, Direction: Up
32, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
73, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
41, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
38, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
3, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 72, Direction: Down
20, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
105, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 44, Direction: Left
63, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 24, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
33, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
72, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
40, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
2, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
28, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
101, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
8, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
68, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
104, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 24, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
39, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
1, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
38, 19, Direction: Down
29, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 24, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
35, 79, Direction: Down
70, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
38, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
0, 68, Direction: Up
39, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
30, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 66, Direction: Right
37, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
103, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 55, Direction: Right
58, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
102, 14, Direction: Up
63, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 55, Direction: Up
60, 66, Direction: Up
56, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
60, 24, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 79, Direction: Down
69, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 45, Direction: Up
-1, 68, Direction: Up
deleted
40, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
104, 51, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 55, Direction: Down
already been
57, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
101, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 55, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 24, Direction: Up
66, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 19, Direction: Down
empty space
32, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
105, 51, Direction: Down
56, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
100, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 24, Direction: Left
68, 55, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 40, Direction: Left
106, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 25, Direction: Right
already been
66, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 50, Direction: Right
36, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 19, Direction: Down
already been
33, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
105, 50, Direction: Left
55, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
64, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 57, Direction: Right
105, 50, Direction: Up
59, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 55, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 1, Direction: Left
66, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 51, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
106, 50, Direction: Down
54, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 72, Direction: Down
24, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 14, Direction: Left
98, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 57, Direction: Up
106, 1, Direction: Up
104, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 55, Direction: Up
already been
56, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
107, 1, Direction: Down
66, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 75, Direction: Left
65, 51, Direction: Up
33, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
107, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
53, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
105, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
103, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 21, Direction: Left
already been
55, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 37, Direction: Left
107, 2, Direction: Right
66, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 71, Direction: Left
59, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
108, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 92, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 70, Direction: Left
24, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
96, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 70, Direction: Up
104, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
102, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
108, 2, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
60, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
109, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 92, Direction: Up
66, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 100, Direction: Right
71, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
64, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
103, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
101, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
53, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
109, 2, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 50, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
30, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
38, 72, Direction: Down
20, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
110, 50, Direction: Down
deleted
50, 92, Direction: Up
67, 70, Direction: Down
23, 100, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 14, Direction: Down
94, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 53, Direction: Left
63, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
102, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 50, Direction: Up
52, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
60, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
110, 2, Direction: Down
deleted
66, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 50, Direction: Down
already been
36, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
39, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 105, Direction: Right
69, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
22, 100, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
93, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
101, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 73, Direction: Left
24, 71, Direction: Down
36, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
28, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 72, Direction: Right
21, 100, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 71, Direction: Left
66, 73, Direction: Up
61, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 66, Direction: Up
56, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 37, Direction: Up
67, 73, Direction: Down
already been
24, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 72, Direction: Down
18, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
71, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 72, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 100, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
91, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 50, Direction: Left
24, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
99, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
49, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 73, Direction: Right
36, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 71, Direction: Left
17, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 72, Direction: Up
19, 100, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
90, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
64, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
98, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
16, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
73, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 100, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 9, Direction: Left
89, 14, Direction: Up
60, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
97, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 66, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
22, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
15, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
74, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
17, 100, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 73, Direction: Up
already been
57, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
96, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 66, Direction: Up
56, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 31, Direction: Left
41, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
75, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
16, 100, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
87, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
95, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
53, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 31, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
13, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 84, Direction: Left
65, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
15, 100, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 65, Direction: Left
55, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
19, 73, Direction: Up
36, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 31, Direction: Down
41, 66, Direction: Left
12, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 100, Direction: Up
72, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 50, Direction: Up
19, 73, Direction: Left
23, 65, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
93, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
19, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
11, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
48, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 65, Direction: Up
53, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 62, Direction: Left
56, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
19, 75, Direction: Right
36, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 37, Direction: Left
19, 95, Direction: Up
36, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
43, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
10, 105, Direction: Up
79, 66, Direction: Down
47, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
83, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 75, Direction: Up
46, 62, Direction: Up
19, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 65, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
49, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
9, 105, Direction: Up
79, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
18, 75, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 62, Direction: Up
19, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 65, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 70, Direction: Up
90, 1, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 59, Direction: Left
67, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
17, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 35, Direction: Right
45, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 64, Direction: Left
45, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 14, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 62, Direction: Left
already been
17, 75, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 63, Direction: Right
19, 69, Direction: Left
19, 65, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 70, Direction: Up
89, 1, Direction: Up
100, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
49, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
22, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
35, 59, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 35, Direction: Down
46, 66, Direction: Down
7, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
80, 14, Direction: Up
56, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 69, Direction: Up
45, 63, Direction: Up
already been
16, 75, Direction: Up
empty space
46, 63, Direction: Down
already been
20, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 65, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 2, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 62, Direction: Down
56, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 59, Direction: Up
69, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
15, 95, Direction: Up
37, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
43, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
72, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
80, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 44, Direction: Left
already been
34, 59, Direction: Left
18, 69, Direction: Up
empty space
15, 75, Direction: Up
21, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
17, 65, Direction: Up
50, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 3, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
5, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
17, 69, Direction: Up
15, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
22, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 65, Direction: Up
50, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 4, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
25, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
13, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
4, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
75, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
41, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
16, 65, Direction: Left
34, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
16, 69, Direction: Up
empty space
15, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
23, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 5, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
53, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
43, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 62, Direction: Right
72, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
3, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
74, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
40, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
16, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
15, 69, Direction: Up
empty space
15, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
24, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 6, Direction: Right
100, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
35, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
73, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
11, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
2, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
73, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
39, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
80, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 6, Direction: Up
16, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 55, Direction: Left
14, 69, Direction: Up
empty space
15, 79, Direction: Right
25, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 75, Direction: Down
36, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
74, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
10, 95, Direction: Up
37, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
1, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
38, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
15, 79, Direction: Up
already been
88, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
16, 62, Direction: Left
34, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
13, 69, Direction: Up
empty space
16, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
75, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
9, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
0, 105, Direction: Up
empty space
71, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
87, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
16, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 69, Direction: Up
empty space
17, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 70, Direction: Right
50, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
39, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
38, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
-1, 105, Direction: Up
deleted
70, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
16, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 69, Direction: Up
18, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
28, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
17, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
93, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
38, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
77, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
7, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 69, Direction: Left
already been
85, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
16, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 79, Direction: Down
29, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
94, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 27, Direction: Left
59, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
6, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
16, 58, Direction: Left
34, 50, Direction: Left
11, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
60, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
5, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 3, Direction: Left
83, 6, Direction: Up
empty space
15, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 8, Direction: Left
35, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 62, Direction: Down
already been
80, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
4, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 6, Direction: Up
already been
14, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
32, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
21, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
103, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
3, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 84, Direction: Up
65, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 84, Direction: Left
13, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 83, Direction: Right
33, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
22, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 84, Direction: Right
98, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
104, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
63, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 75, Direction: Down
82, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
2, 95, Direction: Up
37, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 80, Direction: Right
already been
64, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
83, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 75, Direction: Left
already been
31, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
23, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
105, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
83, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
1, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 50, Direction: Right
63, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 45, Direction: Left
already been
11, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
35, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
106, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 62, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
0, 95, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
85, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
10, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 69, Direction: Down
empty space
25, 70, Direction: Down
53, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
107, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 62, Direction: Down
56, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
30, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
85, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
-1, 95, Direction: Up
deleted
35, 50, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 88, Direction: Right
65, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 88, Direction: Up
already been
31, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 69, Direction: Down
25, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
108, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 79, Direction: Right
86, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 50, Direction: Up
60, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
87, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 50, Direction: Left
already been
31, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 88, Direction: Right
37, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
55, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
103, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
109, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
28, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 79, Direction: Up
87, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
88, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 80, Direction: Right
20, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
104, 6, Direction: Down
empty space
110, 27, Direction: Down
deleted
66, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
88, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
6, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 80, Direction: Down
already been
21, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
105, 6, Direction: Down
66, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
56, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
26, 37, Direction: Up
33, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 37, Direction: Down
34, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
5, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
22, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
105, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 74, Direction: Right
25, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 84, Direction: Down
105, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 55, Direction: Right
55, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 84, Direction: Left
31, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
3, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
38, 74, Direction: Down
empty space
25, 77, Direction: Right
59, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
105, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 55, Direction: Left
23, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 37, Direction: Down
34, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
38, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
93, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 55, Direction: Up
already been
59, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
2, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
25, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 74, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
105, 2, Direction: Left
67, 55, Direction: Down
already been
22, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
53, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
39, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
94, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
1, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 74, Direction: Down
empty space
23, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
105, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 37, Direction: Up
28, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
40, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
0, 58, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 74, Direction: Down
empty space
22, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 88, Direction: Right
105, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 79, Direction: Up
92, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 59, Direction: Right
already been
51, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
41, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 88, Direction: Up
59, 80, Direction: Left
31, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
-1, 58, Direction: Up
deleted
28, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 74, Direction: Down
empty space
21, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
105, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
19, 37, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
97, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
58, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 80, Direction: Down
31, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
43, 74, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 37, Direction: Up
25, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
49, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
43, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 37, Direction: Left
57, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
30, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 74, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
24, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
48, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 88, Direction: Up
60, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 88, Direction: Down
already been
45, 74, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 77, Direction: Up
63, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
23, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
47, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 77, Direction: Left
18, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 74, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
22, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
46, 88, Direction: Down
already been
101, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
18, 34, Direction: Left
54, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 84, Direction: Right
31, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 74, Direction: Down
18, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
21, 79, Direction: Up
already been
92, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
102, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 74, Direction: Left
60, 84, Direction: Up
18, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
53, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
103, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 84, Direction: Up
18, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
43, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
104, 3, Direction: Down
59, 84, Direction: Left
already been
47, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 85, Direction: Right
already been
18, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
105, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 71, Direction: Left
18, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 88, Direction: Up
empty space
64, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
41, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
106, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 88, Direction: Up
65, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 46, Direction: Right
92, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
40, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
107, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 88, Direction: Left
already been
45, 71, Direction: Up
18, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 89, Direction: Right
already been
66, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
39, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
108, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
38, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
109, 3, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
68, 84, Direction: Down
31, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
21, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
110, 3, Direction: Down
deleted
68, 84, Direction: Left
45, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
68, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 56, Direction: Left
47, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
22, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
28, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
68, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 56, Direction: Up
empty space
47, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
23, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
35, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
68, 87, Direction: Right
29, 56, Direction: Up
empty space
47, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 90, Direction: Right
76, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
30, 34, Direction: Down
empty space
69, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
28, 56, Direction: Up
empty space
47, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
77, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
25, 46, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
33, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 34, Direction: Down
70, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 56, Direction: Up
47, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
20, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 46, Direction: Down
92, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
32, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
21, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 61, Direction: Left
31, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
22, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 77, Direction: Left
45, 81, Direction: Right
18, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
23, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
29, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
24, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
28, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
83, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 57, Direction: Left
31, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 64, Direction: Up
empty space
64, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 64, Direction: Up
63, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
20, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
28, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
21, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
29, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 37, Direction: Left
92, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 37, Direction: Up
already been
61, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
22, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
23, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
28, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
24, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 87, Direction: Down
27, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
32, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
29, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 87, Direction: Left
58, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 57, Direction: Down
31, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
33, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 88, Direction: Down
empty space
30, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 70, Direction: Right
already been
25, 57, Direction: Left
82, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 88, Direction: Down
31, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 73, Direction: Right
92, 73, Direction: Up
92, 88, Direction: Left
25, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
35, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
32, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
93, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 94, Direction: Right
already been
25, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 91, Direction: Right
27, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 90, Direction: Down
92, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
33, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
25, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 91, Direction: Right
92, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 85, Direction: Left
25, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
53, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
25, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
35, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
96, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
93, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
25, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 77, Direction: Up
25, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 93, Direction: Right
92, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
36, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 93, Direction: Up
52, 77, Direction: Left
87, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
25, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 78, Direction: Right
25, 64, Direction: Right
already been
31, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 93, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 78, Direction: Up
35, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 73, Direction: Up
95, 85, Direction: Down
25, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
53, 78, Direction: Down
already been
31, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
38, 93, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
38, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 73, Direction: Left
already been
51, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 75, Direction: Left
86, 74, Direction: Right
already been
95, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
25, 49, Direction: Left
82, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 56, Direction: Right
82, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
39, 93, Direction: Down
92, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
39, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 73, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 93, Direction: Up
52, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
95, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
24, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
39, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
40, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 73, Direction: Down
49, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
95, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
23, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
39, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
41, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 74, Direction: Right
48, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
95, 89, Direction: Right
22, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
39, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
47, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
94, 89, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
39, 97, Direction: Right
92, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
43, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
39, 97, Direction: Up
46, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
93, 89, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 73, Direction: Left
36, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 97, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 77, Direction: Right
101, 77, Direction: Up
82, 73, Direction: Up
38, 97, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 89, Direction: Up
empty space
19, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
83, 73, Direction: Down
already been
37, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 97, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
81, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
37, 97, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 78, Direction: Up
33, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
91, 89, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
38, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 97, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
103, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 97, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
90, 89, Direction: Up
empty space
17, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
39, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
43, 97, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
47, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
104, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 97, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 89, Direction: Up
empty space
16, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
40, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 97, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
48, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
105, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 97, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 89, Direction: Up
15, 49, Direction: Up
empty space
41, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 97, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 106, Direction: Right
49, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
106, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 106, Direction: Up
96, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 97, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 49, Direction: Up
42, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 97, Direction: Down
empty space
93, 106, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
107, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 49, Direction: Left
91, 106, Direction: Up
empty space
95, 77, Direction: Up
76, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 97, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
43, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 97, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 106, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
108, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
90, 106, Direction: Up
empty space
95, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 97, Direction: Up
44, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 56, Direction: Down
82, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
27, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 97, Direction: Down
95, 106, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
109, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 56, Direction: Left
31, 97, Direction: Left
14, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 106, Direction: Up
empty space
95, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 106, Direction: Right
already been
52, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 85, Direction: Left
14, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 106, Direction: Down
53, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
110, 77, Direction: Down
deleted
44, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 96, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 106, Direction: Up
empty space
95, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 105, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 95, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
87, 106, Direction: Up
empty space
95, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
90, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 104, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 94, Direction: Left
14, 44, Direction: Left
86, 106, Direction: Up
95, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 68, Direction: Left
52, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
91, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 103, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 106, Direction: Left
14, 44, Direction: Up
31, 94, Direction: Up
44, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 94, Direction: Down
empty space
15, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
43, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 85, Direction: Down
already been
14, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 61, Direction: Right
27, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 102, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 61, Direction: Up
86, 105, Direction: Left
empty space
13, 44, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 94, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 73, Direction: Up
31, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
45, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 101, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 37, Direction: Down
43, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 104, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 44, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 94, Direction: Down
empty space
17, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 85, Direction: Right
already been
68, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
41, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
46, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 100, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 103, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 44, Direction: Up
28, 94, Direction: Up
44, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 94, Direction: Down
18, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
67, 73, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
40, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
47, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 99, Direction: Left
empty space
60, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 102, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
28, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 73, Direction: Up
already been
31, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
39, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
48, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 98, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 101, Direction: Left
11, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
28, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 44, Direction: Down
31, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
38, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
49, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 97, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 101, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
28, 91, Direction: Left
44, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
37, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 51, Direction: Left
14, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
50, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 96, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 37, Direction: Down
38, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
84, 101, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
29, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 109, Direction: Right
36, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 63, Direction: Right
51, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 95, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 109, Direction: Up
37, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
83, 101, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 91, Direction: Down
44, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
32, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
35, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
96, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
36, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 101, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 43, Direction: Left
35, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
33, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
53, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
96, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 40, Direction: Right
29, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
81, 101, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
33, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
96, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
28, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 101, Direction: Up
11, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
35, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
32, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
55, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
96, 91, Direction: Left
63, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 101, Direction: Left
27, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
33, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
11, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 61, Direction: Down
27, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
96, 90, Direction: Left
63, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 100, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 103, Direction: Right
11, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
28, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
30, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
57, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
95, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 99, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
11, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
38, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
29, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 61, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 2, Direction: Left
94, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
27, 2, Direction: Up
80, 98, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
11, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
30, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
28, 68, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 61, Direction: Down
already been
28, 2, Direction: Down
empty space
93, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 2, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 97, Direction: Left
23, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
11, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 68, Direction: Up
52, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
29, 2, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 47, Direction: Right
25, 2, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 96, Direction: Left
empty space
22, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 61, Direction: Up
80, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
11, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 44, Direction: Down
41, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
30, 2, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 48, Direction: Right
already been
24, 2, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 95, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 108, Direction: Right
11, 59, Direction: Right
30, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 79, Direction: Left
32, 43, Direction: Left
42, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 2, Direction: Down
90, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
35, 79, Direction: Up
already been
23, 2, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
10, 59, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 79, Direction: Down
32, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
43, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 3, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
22, 2, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
25, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
9, 59, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 78, Direction: Left
already been
32, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
44, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 4, Direction: Right
empty space
88, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 2, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
18, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
8, 59, Direction: Up
empty space
30, 78, Direction: Left
44, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 5, Direction: Right
empty space
87, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 2, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
17, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 59, Direction: Up
empty space
29, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
46, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 35, Direction: Left
14, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 6, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 35, Direction: Up
already been
19, 2, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
16, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
22, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
75, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
6, 59, Direction: Up
empty space
28, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
47, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
53, 35, Direction: Down
already been
14, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
31, 7, Direction: Right
85, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 7, Direction: Up
18, 2, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
15, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
74, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
5, 59, Direction: Up
27, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
48, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
32, 7, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 90, Direction: Up
84, 90, Direction: Left
30, 7, Direction: Up
17, 2, Direction: Up
80, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
73, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 59, Direction: Up
26, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
49, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
33, 7, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
4, 59, Direction: Left
84, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
17, 3, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
13, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
19, 61, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
4, 60, Direction: Right
already been
25, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
50, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 58, Direction: Left
14, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 7, Direction: Down
84, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 7, Direction: Left
4, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
28, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
17, 4, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 61, Direction: Up
71, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
51, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
28, 58, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 8, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 61, Direction: Left
already been
34, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
17, 5, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 78, Direction: Up
44, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
29, 58, Direction: Down
14, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 9, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 94, Direction: Right
84, 94, Direction: Up
34, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 86, Direction: Left
26, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
17, 6, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 84, Direction: Left
10, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
53, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
29, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 10, Direction: Right
empty space
85, 94, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 84, Direction: Up
83, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
83, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
25, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
17, 7, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 84, Direction: Down
9, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 108, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
44, 22, Direction: Left
32, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 109, Direction: Down
empty space
29, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 11, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 94, Direction: Down
86, 94, Direction: Left
79, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
17, 8, Direction: Right
81, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
8, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 108, Direction: Up
23, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
43, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 109, Direction: Down
29, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 12, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 95, Direction: Right
already been
86, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
81, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
7, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 107, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
29, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
34, 13, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
77, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
80, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
22, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
19, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 106, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
41, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 63, Direction: Right
14, 89, Direction: Right
34, 14, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
76, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 94, Direction: Up
empty space
34, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
20, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
5, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 105, Direction: Left
empty space
23, 84, Direction: Right
40, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
30, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
15, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 15, Direction: Right
empty space
23, 84, Direction: Up
86, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
75, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 94, Direction: Up
34, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
4, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 86, Direction: Up
20, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
21, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
4, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 104, Direction: Left
empty space
24, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 16, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 86, Direction: Left
22, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
74, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 95, Direction: Right
4, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
19, 7, Direction: Up
22, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 90, Direction: Right
3, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 103, Direction: Left
empty space
25, 84, Direction: Down
empty space
38, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
17, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 17, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 90, Direction: Up
78, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
21, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
73, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 95, Direction: Up
4, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
23, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
2, 109, Direction: Up
18, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 102, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 84, Direction: Down
37, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 18, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
20, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
17, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
24, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
83, 90, Direction: Down
empty space
1, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 101, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 19, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
19, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 93, Direction: Left
4, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
16, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
25, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 90, Direction: Down
0, 109, Direction: Up
empty space
18, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 100, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 90, Direction: Left
already been
77, 93, Direction: Up
78, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
18, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 93, Direction: Down
empty space
4, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
15, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 8, Direction: Down
84, 91, Direction: Right
already been
-1, 109, Direction: Up
deleted
18, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 99, Direction: Left
26, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
21, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 21, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
17, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
69, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 93, Direction: Down
4, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
14, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 9, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 98, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
22, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
16, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 84, Direction: Up
79, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
13, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 10, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 97, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
38, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
23, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 84, Direction: Left
already been
74, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
75, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
15, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 85, Direction: Right
already been
79, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 94, Direction: Right
already been
12, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 11, Direction: Right
empty space
18, 77, Direction: Right
already been
67, 96, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 22, Direction: Up
already been
32, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
39, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
74, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
14, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 12, Direction: Right
67, 95, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
40, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
25, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 93, Direction: Up
73, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
13, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
10, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 13, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
41, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 90, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 39, Direction: Left
9, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
26, 14, Direction: Right
67, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
42, 63, Direction: Down
27, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
26, 14, Direction: Up
already been
72, 95, Direction: Right
71, 90, Direction: Up
78, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
5, 39, Direction: Down
already been
8, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
27, 14, Direction: Down
already been
67, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
43, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
28, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 95, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
10, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 13, Direction: Left
44, 63, Direction: Down
empty space
29, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 95, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 76, Direction: Left
79, 85, Direction: Left
6, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
45, 63, Direction: Down
already been
30, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 95, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
8, 84, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
5, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
34, 31, Direction: Right
76, 95, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 84, Direction: Up
84, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
81, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
4, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
33, 31, Direction: Up
77, 95, Direction: Down
71, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
83, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
3, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
32, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 96, Direction: Right
71, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
83, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
2, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 8, Direction: Left
34, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
31, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
32, 8, Direction: Up
78, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
84, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
1, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
35, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
30, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
31, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 98, Direction: Right
78, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 85, Direction: Down
0, 7, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
26, 66, Direction: Left
34, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
29, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 85, Direction: Left
30, 8, Direction: Up
80, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 98, Direction: Up
78, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
-1, 7, Direction: Up
deleted
67, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
27, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
35, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
28, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 98, Direction: Left
85, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
30, 7, Direction: Left
81, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 87, Direction: Right
67, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
28, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
36, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
38, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
27, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 87, Direction: Up
30, 7, Direction: Up
already been
70, 97, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 7, Direction: Down
already been
82, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
29, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
37, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
26, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
84, 87, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 96, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
83, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
87, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
30, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
38, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
25, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
83, 87, Direction: Up
70, 95, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 102, Direction: Right
78, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
88, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
31, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
24, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 87, Direction: Up
70, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 103, Direction: Right
78, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 87, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
32, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
23, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 103, Direction: Up
82, 87, Direction: Left
already been
82, 88, Direction: Right
already been
70, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 79, Direction: Left
86, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 103, Direction: Down
78, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 87, Direction: Down
67, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
33, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
43, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
22, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
71, 103, Direction: Left
69, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 96, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
34, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
21, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
71, 102, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 91, Direction: Left
87, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 96, Direction: Down
71, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
7, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
35, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
43, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
20, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
88, 96, Direction: Left
71, 101, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
71, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 57, Direction: Left
7, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
36, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
19, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
88, 95, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 100, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 91, Direction: Down
89, 79, Direction: Down
88, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 57, Direction: Up
7, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 91, Direction: Right
67, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
37, 66, Direction: Down
45, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
18, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 91, Direction: Up
89, 79, Direction: Left
72, 91, Direction: Left
88, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 99, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 80, Direction: Right
88, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 91, Direction: Down
67, 72, Direction: Left
38, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
48, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
17, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 91, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 98, Direction: Left
64, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 93, Direction: Right
already been
90, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
39, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
16, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
88, 91, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
63, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
74, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
40, 66, Direction: Down
empty space
48, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
15, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
87, 91, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
73, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
41, 66, Direction: Down
already been
49, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
14, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 91, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
74, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
93, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
13, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 91, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 86, Direction: Left
88, 89, Direction: Left
already been
75, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
60, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
7, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
53, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 86, Direction: Up
84, 91, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
73, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
95, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 57, Direction: Up
7, 106, Direction: Right
62, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
11, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
71, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
83, 91, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
74, 86, Direction: Down
77, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
58, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
96, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
8, 106, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 76, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
53, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
10, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 86, Direction: Up
82, 91, Direction: Up
89, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
75, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
97, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 107, Direction: Right
68, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
9, 106, Direction: Down
empty space
60, 76, Direction: Up
already been
91, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
9, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 91, Direction: Left
69, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 92, Direction: Right
already been
89, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
76, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
98, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
10, 106, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 8, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 89, Direction: Down
empty space
8, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
77, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
99, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
11, 106, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 8, Direction: Down
58, 89, Direction: Down
7, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 89, Direction: Left
56, 8, Direction: Left
already been
82, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 86, Direction: Down
81, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
65, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 106, Direction: Down
91, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 9, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
6, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 106, Direction: Left
78, 86, Direction: Left
already been
58, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 87, Direction: Right
already been
82, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
53, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
101, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 57, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 10, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
5, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 105, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 87, Direction: Left
already been
65, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
83, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
102, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
63, 57, Direction: Up
already been
12, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 11, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
4, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 104, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
64, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
103, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 12, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
3, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 103, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
63, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
104, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
91, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 13, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
2, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 102, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 63, Direction: Left
86, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
105, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
83, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 14, Direction: Right
empty space
58, 95, Direction: Right
1, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 101, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 83, Direction: Left
61, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
88, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
87, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
48, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
106, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 15, Direction: Right
empty space
59, 95, Direction: Down
empty space
0, 31, Direction: Up
empty space
12, 100, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
60, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
87, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
88, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
107, 80, Direction: Down
91, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
85, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 16, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 95, Direction: Down
empty space
-1, 31, Direction: Up
deleted
107, 80, Direction: Left
12, 99, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
107, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
86, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 17, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 95, Direction: Down
empty space
107, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 98, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 103, Direction: Up
107, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
87, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 18, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 95, Direction: Down
62, 95, Direction: Left
107, 78, Direction: Left
12, 97, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
84, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
107, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
88, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 19, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 96, Direction: Right
107, 78, Direction: Up
62, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
108, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 96, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 86, Direction: Up
83, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
43, 103, Direction: Up
empty space
107, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
106, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
109, 78, Direction: Down
empty space
12, 95, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 85, Direction: Left
82, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
93, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 103, Direction: Up
107, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 21, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
42, 103, Direction: Left
105, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
110, 78, Direction: Down
deleted
12, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
81, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
42, 104, Direction: Right
107, 86, Direction: Right
91, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
107, 86, Direction: Up
42, 102, Direction: Left
empty space
104, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
12, 93, Direction: Left
58, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
54, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
80, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
95, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
43, 104, Direction: Down
empty space
108, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
106, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 101, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
11, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
53, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
96, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
44, 104, Direction: Down
empty space
109, 86, Direction: Down
empty space
93, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
105, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 100, Direction: Left
empty space
102, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 89, Direction: Left
10, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 85, Direction: Up
78, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
97, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
45, 104, Direction: Down
empty space
110, 86, Direction: Down
deleted
94, 72, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
104, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 99, Direction: Left
empty space
101, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
9, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
98, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
46, 104, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 72, Direction: Down
56, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
103, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 98, Direction: Left
empty space
100, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 87, Direction: Left
8, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
99, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
47, 104, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 97, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 87, Direction: Down
7, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
48, 104, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
101, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 96, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
6, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
101, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
49, 104, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 95, Direction: Left
empty space
97, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 85, Direction: Left
empty space
5, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
102, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
50, 104, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
96, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
4, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
103, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 104, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 77, Direction: Right
already been
56, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
95, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
3, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
104, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 104, Direction: Down
56, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 104, Direction: Left
97, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
42, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
94, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
2, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
105, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
52, 103, Direction: Left
empty space
96, 86, Direction: Up
42, 91, Direction: Left
93, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
63, 81, Direction: Left
1, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
106, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 102, Direction: Left
empty space
95, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
43, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 81, Direction: Up
empty space
0, 93, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
107, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 101, Direction: Left
empty space
94, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
44, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 81, Direction: Up
empty space
-1, 93, Direction: Up
deleted
58, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
108, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 100, Direction: Left
empty space
93, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
45, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 81, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
109, 98, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
56, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 99, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
46, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 81, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
110, 98, Direction: Down
deleted
52, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
56, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 98, Direction: Left
empty space
91, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
47, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 81, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
52, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 97, Direction: Left
empty space
90, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
48, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 81, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 58, Direction: Left
already been
52, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 96, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
49, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 81, Direction: Up
52, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 95, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
50, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 78, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 94, Direction: Left
empty space
87, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 78, Direction: Up
56, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
60, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 93, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 104, Direction: Right
already been
59, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 44, Direction: Right
already been
52, 92, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 86, Direction: Up
empty space
53, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 85, Direction: Right
58, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 86, Direction: Up
already been
54, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 75, Direction: Left
57, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
84, 75, Direction: Up
52, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
58, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
83, 75, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
82, 75, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
60, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
54, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
81, 75, Direction: Up
52, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 91, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
53, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
81, 75, Direction: Left
81, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 91, Direction: Down
already been
89, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
52, 63, Direction: Up
empty space
81, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
52, 85, Direction: Left
90, 75, Direction: Down
63, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 63, Direction: Up
already been
81, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
53, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
64, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 80, Direction: Right
55, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 70, Direction: Left
80, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 85, Direction: Down
already been
90, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
69, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
77, 70, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 80, Direction: Up
90, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 70, Direction: Up
76, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 70, Direction: Left
76, 71, Direction: Right
76, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
73, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 71, Direction: Up
76, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
77, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
74, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
75, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
75, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
74, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 85, Direction: Right
90, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
76, 85, Direction: Down
already been
73, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
80, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
77, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 85, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 60, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 71, Direction: Down
79, 85, Direction: Down
already been
90, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
83, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
69, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 62, Direction: Left
84, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 57, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
75, 62, Direction: Up
empty space
85, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 56, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 71, Direction: Up
empty space
74, 62, Direction: Up
empty space
86, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 55, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 71, Direction: Up
73, 62, Direction: Up
empty space
87, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 54, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 71, Direction: Left
66, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 62, Direction: Up
empty space
88, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 53, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 73, Direction: Right
71, 62, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 73, Direction: Up
already been
66, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 73, Direction: Down
already been
70, 62, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
69, 62, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 62, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 62, Direction: Up
empty space
93, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 62, Direction: Up
94, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 62, Direction: Left
already been
66, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 44, Direction: Left
66, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
93, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
101, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 44, Direction: Down
94, 44, Direction: Left
66, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
94, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 71, Direction: Right
already been
103, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
94, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
104, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 47, Direction: Right
94, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
105, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
93, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
107, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
108, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
109, 71, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
110, 71, Direction: Down
deleted
88, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 35, Direction: Left
87, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 35, Direction: Up
95, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
93, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
96, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
97, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
98, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
83, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
90, 35, Direction: Up
empty space
99, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 35, Direction: Up
100, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
101, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 47, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
102, 35, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 47, Direction: Up
89, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 35, Direction: Down
78, 47, Direction: Up
89, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 45, Direction: Left
78, 45, Direction: Up
89, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
77, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
80, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
75, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
74, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
83, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
73, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
72, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
85, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
89, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
86, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 45, Direction: Up
89, 21, Direction: Left
103, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
87, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
88, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
90, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
91, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 18, Direction: Left
93, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 38, Direction: Left
empty space
89, 14, Direction: Left
102, 18, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 14, Direction: Up
already been
70, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
90, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 18, Direction: Up
empty space
95, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
91, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 18, Direction: Up
empty space
96, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 18, Direction: Up
empty space
97, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
93, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 18, Direction: Up
empty space
98, 45, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
94, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 18, Direction: Up
99, 45, Direction: Down
97, 18, Direction: Left
70, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
95, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 19, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
97, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
96, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
97, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
97, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 21, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
97, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 29, Direction: Left
98, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 29, Direction: Up
97, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
69, 29, Direction: Up
empty space
97, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
72, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 24, Direction: Right
99, 39, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 29, Direction: Up
97, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
73, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
96, 24, Direction: Up
empty space
99, 38, Direction: Left
68, 29, Direction: Left
68, 30, Direction: Right
97, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
74, 29, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 14, Direction: Down
95, 24, Direction: Up
99, 37, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 30, Direction: Up
68, 28, Direction: Left
69, 30, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
75, 29, Direction: Down
103, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 30, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 27, Direction: Left
70, 30, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
75, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
104, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 35, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 30, Direction: Up
empty space
69, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 30, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
75, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
105, 14, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 34, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 30, Direction: Up
70, 27, Direction: Down
empty space
72, 30, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
75, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 14, Direction: Down
95, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 33, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 27, Direction: Down
73, 30, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
75, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
95, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 30, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 5, Direction: Left
75, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
95, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
97, 5, Direction: Up
65, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 30, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 5, Direction: Down
empty space
75, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
106, 11, Direction: Left
already been
95, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
96, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 30, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 5, Direction: Down
75, 22, Direction: Left
95, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
75, 22, Direction: Up
95, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 25, Direction: Left
71, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 30, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 6, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
74, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
94, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 30, Direction: Down
99, 7, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
73, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
93, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 8, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 26, Direction: Left
72, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
92, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 9, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 22, Direction: Up
empty space
91, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
69, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 10, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 37, Direction: Right
99, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 22, Direction: Up
90, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 11, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
96, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 22, Direction: Left
70, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
71, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 25, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 12, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
70, 21, Direction: Left
70, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
88, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 25, Direction: Down
71, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 13, Direction: Right
empty space
83, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
69, 21, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
87, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 24, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 14, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 22, Direction: Down
99, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
68, 21, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 23, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 15, Direction: Right
empty space
85, 22, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
67, 21, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
85, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 22, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 16, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 22, Direction: Down
101, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
66, 21, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 17, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 21, Direction: Left
empty space
102, 37, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
65, 21, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 29, Direction: Right
83, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 18, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 20, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 37, Direction: Down
99, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 37, Direction: Left
70, 29, Direction: Up
already been
64, 21, Direction: Up
already been
71, 29, Direction: Down
already been
82, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 18, Direction: Left
99, 19, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 19, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 36, Direction: Left
empty space
81, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 18, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 35, Direction: Left
already been
80, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 21, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 5, Direction: Up
72, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 6, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
71, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 7, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 14, Direction: Left
already been
71, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
83, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 8, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 50, Direction: Right
84, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 9, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
85, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 26, Direction: Right
86, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 10, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 11, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
87, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
79, 12, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
88, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
103, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 5, Direction: Left
79, 13, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 8, Direction: Left
103, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 5, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 14, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
85, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
103, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 5, Direction: Up
already been
79, 15, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
103, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 16, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
83, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
103, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 17, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
93, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
103, 53, Direction: Right
103, 53, Direction: Up
79, 18, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
94, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
104, 53, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 53, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 19, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
105, 53, Direction: Down
empty space
101, 53, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 18, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 8, Direction: Up
empty space
106, 53, Direction: Down
empty space
100, 53, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 21, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 18, Direction: Down
99, 38, Direction: Right
78, 8, Direction: Up
107, 53, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 8, Direction: Left
97, 18, Direction: Left
already been
99, 53, Direction: Up
empty space
79, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 19, Direction: Right
already been
99, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 9, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 53, Direction: Down
108, 53, Direction: Left
78, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 53, Direction: Up
79, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 10, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 52, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 11, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 51, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 5, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 25, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 12, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 56, Direction: Right
108, 50, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 4, Direction: Left
98, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 13, Direction: Right
empty space
109, 56, Direction: Down
empty space
108, 49, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
78, 14, Direction: Right
empty space
110, 56, Direction: Down
deleted
108, 48, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 45, Direction: Right
78, 15, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 47, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 16, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 17, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
78, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
98, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
78, 18, Direction: Right
108, 44, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 18, Direction: Up
77, 18, Direction: Left
108, 43, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 33, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
94, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 19, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 17, Direction: Left
empty space
108, 42, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
93, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 20, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 16, Direction: Left
empty space
108, 41, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 21, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 15, Direction: Left
empty space
108, 40, Direction: Left
empty space
98, 66, Direction: Right
79, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 22, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 14, Direction: Left
empty space
108, 39, Direction: Left
99, 66, Direction: Down
79, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 23, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 13, Direction: Left
empty space
107, 39, Direction: Up
99, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 80, Direction: Right
89, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 24, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 80, Direction: Up
77, 12, Direction: Left
empty space
107, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
72, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 25, Direction: Right
70, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 11, Direction: Left
empty space
107, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
76, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
69, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 10, Direction: Left
empty space
107, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 70, Direction: Right
79, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
75, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 9, Direction: Left
empty space
107, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 80, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
74, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 8, Direction: Left
empty space
107, 44, Direction: Right
99, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 80, Direction: Down
84, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
73, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 7, Direction: Left
empty space
108, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 73, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
83, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 25, Direction: Up
65, 80, Direction: Up
empty space
77, 6, Direction: Left
empty space
109, 44, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 74, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
82, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 26, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 80, Direction: Up
77, 5, Direction: Left
110, 44, Direction: Down
deleted
99, 75, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 77, Direction: Left
81, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 27, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 77, Direction: Up
64, 79, Direction: Left
78, 5, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 76, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 47, Direction: Right
77, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 28, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 47, Direction: Up
already been
64, 79, Direction: Up
75, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
65, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 5, Direction: Down
99, 77, Direction: Right
empty space
80, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 45, Direction: Up
empty space
72, 29, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
74, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
66, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 4, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 78, Direction: Right
empty space
81, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 45, Direction: Up
already been
72, 30, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 79, Direction: Up
empty space
73, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
67, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 3, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 79, Direction: Right
empty space
82, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
72, 31, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 79, Direction: Up
72, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
68, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 2, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
83, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
72, 32, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 79, Direction: Left
61, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
71, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
69, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 1, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
84, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
72, 33, Direction: Right
72, 33, Direction: Up
61, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 81, Direction: Right
empty space
70, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
70, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 0, Direction: Left
empty space
99, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
85, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
83, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
73, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
71, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 77, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 77, Direction: Up
empty space
71, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
79, -1, Direction: Left
deleted
99, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
86, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
74, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 77, Direction: Up
already been
72, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
87, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
75, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
69, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 75, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
73, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
88, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
68, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 85, Direction: Right
empty space
74, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
89, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
77, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
67, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 73, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 86, Direction: Right
empty space
75, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
90, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
66, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 72, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 87, Direction: Right
empty space
76, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
91, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 88, Direction: Right
empty space
77, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 89, Direction: Right
empty space
92, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 70, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 89, Direction: Right
78, 79, Direction: Down
empty space
99, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
93, 47, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 89, Direction: Up
63, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 69, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 89, Direction: Down
79, 79, Direction: Down
99, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
94, 47, Direction: Down
92, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 89, Direction: Left
already been
60, 89, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 33, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 68, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 90, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 80, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 92, Direction: Right
94, 46, Direction: Left
empty space
93, 77, Direction: Down
83, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 89, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 33, Direction: Up
61, 67, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 91, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 81, Direction: Right
100, 92, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 45, Direction: Left
empty space
93, 76, Direction: Left
empty space
84, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
58, 89, Direction: Up
61, 34, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 66, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 92, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 82, Direction: Right
empty space
101, 92, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 44, Direction: Left
already been
93, 75, Direction: Left
85, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
93, 75, Direction: Up
58, 89, Direction: Left
already been
58, 90, Direction: Right
already been
61, 35, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 65, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 83, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 92, Direction: Down
94, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
86, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 92, Direction: Left
92, 75, Direction: Up
61, 36, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 64, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
79, 84, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 93, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 91, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 74, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 37, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 63, Direction: Left
empty space
62, 95, Direction: Right
already been
79, 85, Direction: Right
102, 94, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
88, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 90, Direction: Left
empty space
92, 73, Direction: Left
61, 38, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 62, Direction: Left
empty space
78, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
102, 95, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 73, Direction: Up
already been
102, 89, Direction: Left
empty space
93, 73, Direction: Down
already been
61, 39, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 61, Direction: Left
empty space
77, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
102, 96, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 88, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 40, Direction: Right
empty space
61, 60, Direction: Left
76, 85, Direction: Up
102, 97, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 60, Direction: Up
102, 87, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 41, Direction: Right
empty space
62, 60, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
102, 98, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
92, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
60, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
102, 86, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 42, Direction: Right
empty space
63, 60, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
102, 99, Direction: Right
empty space
101, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
93, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
59, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
102, 85, Direction: Left
61, 43, Direction: Right
empty space
64, 60, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
102, 100, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 33, Direction: Down
58, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
101, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 44, Direction: Right
empty space
65, 60, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
102, 101, Direction: Right
empty space
103, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
57, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
100, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 45, Direction: Right
empty space
66, 60, Direction: Down
empty space
76, 80, Direction: Left
already been
102, 102, Direction: Right
empty space
104, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
96, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
56, 60, Direction: Up
empty space
99, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 46, Direction: Right
empty space
67, 60, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 103, Direction: Right
empty space
105, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 33, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 60, Direction: Up
98, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 47, Direction: Right
empty space
68, 60, Direction: Down
empty space
102, 104, Direction: Right
empty space
106, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 33, Direction: Down
55, 60, Direction: Left
55, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
97, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 48, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 60, Direction: Down
102, 105, Direction: Right
empty space
107, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 32, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 59, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
96, 85, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 49, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 61, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 106, Direction: Right
empty space
108, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 31, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 58, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 85, Direction: Up
61, 50, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 62, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 107, Direction: Right
empty space
109, 75, Direction: Down
empty space
98, 30, Direction: Left
empty space
55, 57, Direction: Left
55, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 84, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 51, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 63, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 108, Direction: Right
empty space
110, 75, Direction: Down
deleted
98, 29, Direction: Left
empty space
56, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 83, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 52, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 64, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 109, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 28, Direction: Left
empty space
57, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 82, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 53, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 65, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 110, Direction: Right
deleted
98, 27, Direction: Left
empty space
58, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 81, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 54, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 66, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 26, Direction: Left
empty space
59, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 80, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 55, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 67, Direction: Right
empty space
98, 25, Direction: Left
98, 25, Direction: Up
60, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 79, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 56, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 68, Direction: Right
empty space
99, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
97, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 57, Direction: Down
empty space
55, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 78, Direction: Left
empty space
61, 57, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 69, Direction: Right
empty space
100, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
96, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 57, Direction: Down
55, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
95, 77, Direction: Left
61, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 70, Direction: Right
empty space
101, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
95, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 58, Direction: Right
empty space
55, 72, Direction: Right
96, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
69, 71, Direction: Right
empty space
102, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
94, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 59, Direction: Right
empty space
54, 72, Direction: Up
empty space
97, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 60, Direction: Right
69, 72, Direction: Right
empty space
103, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
61, 60, Direction: Up
already been
93, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 60, Direction: Right
empty space
53, 72, Direction: Up
empty space
98, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
62, 60, Direction: Down
already been
69, 73, Direction: Right
104, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
69, 73, Direction: Up
already been
92, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 61, Direction: Right
already been
52, 72, Direction: Up
empty space
99, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
70, 73, Direction: Down
already been
105, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
91, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 72, Direction: Up
100, 77, Direction: Down
empty space
106, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
90, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 71, Direction: Left
empty space
101, 77, Direction: Down
already been
107, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
89, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
51, 70, Direction: Left
108, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
51, 70, Direction: Up
already been
88, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
52, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
109, 25, Direction: Down
empty space
87, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
53, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
110, 25, Direction: Down
deleted
86, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
54, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
85, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
55, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
84, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
56, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
83, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
57, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
82, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
58, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
81, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
59, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
80, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
60, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
79, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
61, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
78, 25, Direction: Up
empty space
62, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
77, 25, Direction: Up
already been
63, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
64, 70, Direction: Down
empty space
65, 70, Direction: Down
already been
5197
